---
categories:
  - "[[Diary]]"
subjects:
  - "[[Technology]]"
type: daily
description: "Work conference notes from Platform 3 event covering Dynatrace, GitHub Copilot, Backstage and agile flow metrics."
created: 2026-06-18
---
## Platform 3 events notes
#### Finance Dynatrace monitoring 
- GCP custom metrics ingestion to Dynatrace
- uses cloud composer and dags
- It’s a CDP
- finance team
- this is not same as transformation framework
- also doesn’t use TWS so this will a another pattern that fails the dags in dynatrace as a pattern.
- How do the foundation and consumption data products align with data products on AP and GLobal date model
- what’s are benefits. Challenges TWS as events trigger. Finance seeking to promote Cloud Composer as a pattern for adoption over TWS.
#### eng skills
- talked. About skillcap
- Measure improvements 
- Interventions
- expected distribution 5/15/60/15/5
- expectations will track a industry trends and evolving skills
#### auto cab 
- snow change requests 
- uses DORA standard to assess 
- Will automatically access and approve immediately if it meets low criteria
- But still need to enter all the details n snow first also need to get some metrics from a dashboard.

#### flow
- the throughput of work in agile
- How many work items completing each n how long. Cycle time. Ideation to production.
- Either reduce size of work or increase throughput
- Jira align epics are the work item
- When it landed versus when it is done is lead time which is a cycle 
- looking at the different start done transitions at feature or story can calculate the cycle time.
- there an agile delivery dashboard on nerve centre which has cycle time
- reiterate why we doing agile. Discovery, learning, implement then review next step.
- to increase flow: remove dependencies 
## Tooling demos

Engineering Hub on Interchange 
Already bookmarked
Check how to enable GitHub copilot licence for dev machine and VSC on either Mac or Win365

- backstage portal
- GitHub source code
- Harness ci/cd
- Artefact management
- Testing services 
- Golden paths
- GitHub eu is to be the single source
- Harness is the only game in town
- 
#### Backstage
- golden paths and deployment 
- linked to harness 

#### GitHub copilot
- not a perfect code generator 
- Will make engineering faster
- it is a great automated completion tool.
- Enhances productivity 
- good for code explain and documentation generation
- once code is consolidated on EU GitHub copilot will see it
- AI powered code reviews PRs coming maybe

### methods and tooling roadmap
- Dee from business agility
- Jira migration to cloud Q3
- atlassian focus new golden thread tool
- Atlassian so tools. Whatever they may be.
